Nepal is a landlocked country with highly diverse and rich geography, culture, and religions. It is situated in South Asia on the lap of the huge Himalayas surrounded by India in the east, south, and west and China in the north. It occupies an area of 147,516 sq. km. with an average of 193km wide from North to South and an average length (East to West) is 885km. It provides a variety of geographical structures owning a large number of natural gifts.

Geographically, Nepal is divided into three regions. The mountain regions, Hilly and Terai regions occupy about 15%, 68%, and 17% of the total area of Nepal respectively. Nepal owns many snow-capped lofty mountains. The highest peak in the world, Mt.Everest attracts thousands of tourists every year. For administrative purposes, Nepal has been divided into seven provinces, and the provinces are divided into 77 districts. the districts are further divided into municipalities and rural municipalities.

The magnificent mountains in the north, undulating slopes, passes, swift-flowing crystal-like rivers, lakes, valleys, tars, etc are attractive things that identify Nepal as a piece of heaven. It has been a major choice of a large number of foreign tourists for the last few decades. The world's highest mountain Mt. Everest, called the roof of the world identifies Nepal throughout the world. It also possesses a lake at the highest altitude, the deepest gorge, and so on.


American Culture Essay | Long and Short Essay on American Culture for Students and Children in English
October 21, 2024 by Prasanna

Essay Writing
American Culture Essay: In this essay we will learn about the culture of America. Total number of regions, states, and religions of America. American Culture essay talks about the USA, it’s history, region, culture and more. Learn more about American culture, their eating habits etc. You’ll get to know a lot about American culture after reading this essay on it. So Let’s begin.

You can also find more Essay Writing articles on events, persons, sports, technology and many more.

Long Essay on American Culture
America is the most powerful country in the world. America is the short form of the United States of America. Believe it or not there are almost 313 religions in America. This country is so diverse that there are so many subcultures residing in the United States of America. America is best stated as North America and South America according to a new webster’s dictionary.

Washington DC is the capital of America. Many of us think that New York is the capital of America but that’s not true. New York City was the capital of the United States from 1785 until 1790. Washington, D.C. has been the federal capital of the United States since 1800.

